hey
first-degree you was the pad was VA in
philosophy and sociology and also your
double in physics and engineering along
the way okay okay and then you went to
work at SDC Singapore broadcasting wish
I was a big dabbler until music found me
then you went off history and Sonia
Fraser yeah and you study composing not
could that be so what made you decide to
be a conductor first contacting before I
left and I really like to are we singing
in a choir all my life okay even when I
was ok and all those other things that I
was dabbling in where were you thinking
our singing in MGS and a CJ see and hear
oh that's why see I've been in since
1981 Wow the choir hasn't killed me yet
i'm still here
I don't want to find out how did you end
up being conductor you know by you
destiny no it was an accident no oh you
are we had caroling and then a few of us
always let some groups and I was always
preparing the choir anyway whoever was
going to conduct after a while I just
became the assistant conductor you
notice at 86 87 and then 89 night thing
I became the conductor so you kind of
accidentally fell into it yeah music
found me I told you I didn't okay musics
always been part of my life but I come
from the generation we're doing music is
not a way to actually put food on the
table
I'm the longest surviving conductors
I've had a chance I think to shape it
musically and in terms of what things to
explore as a musician and as a choir as
an instrument and what is this direction
and the shaping that you have well we're
always well is rethinking things my
question all my life I think and they
probably really irritated my parents
died when I was young was like why why
must it be like that so so this is the
only question i really ask why is it
like that why must it be like that so
whatever music we're doing and and even
when we look at Renaissance music our
new music we always say okay why must it
be performed this way why is it still
relevant to people nowadays you know
what we do and how we present it and
it's the music even in any way a
reflection of our lives nowadays or a
mirror or a commentary for a way to
shape our lives something is all very
interesting so we kind of babies are the
questions are interest to me I don't
know whether they've just the members
but at this point okay I'm going up to
you spend all the time in ruidoso your
place and I'm sure you we have outside
of that you also have spent a little
time preparing for the rehearsals and
planning for the choirs and everything
that's all your travels and then you
know your your work at YMS you know do
you enjoy yourself personal life what
maquette I love maquette this was what I
was doing with my free time before I
started to do it with all my time music
is quite all-consuming the only thing
that can get my brain to switch off you
know that you can you know like switch
off the music button is when I play on
my yes that's my office which that's the
only time I can stop my brain from doing
a post-mortem on a rehearsal planning
the next day's rehearsal you know
planning a program thinking about the
music which will be good for which
quiets address etc Oh your product
choral conductor yeah
you